>> Brian Holt: So, let's go do carousel.
>> Brian Holt: Rename, carousel.tsx.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's go start going through this.
We're going to also import Photo
from @frontendmasters/pet.
This is a public state,
public getDerivedStateFromProps, media.
All right, let's go ahead and
do an interface.
We haven't done any interfaces yet, so
we're gonna say, interface IProps and
we're gonna tell it what kind of
properties they can expect to get.
So we're gonna say media is a photo array.
And we're also gonna do IState just
to show you how to do this with
state as well.
So interface, IState.
Now you might be asking why
are you putting capital I.
It's just a,
>> Brian Holt: What do say?
>> Speaker 2: Convention.
>> Brian Holt: Convention, thank you.
I'm just blanking on that word.
It's a convention that lets you know
that this is an interface, right?
It's actually one that
tslint will force you to do.
You can turn that off obviously
if you don't like it.
But it is useful so that you can,
cuz I wouldn't call this
IProps any other time, right?
So that capital just means interface.
Okay, active is a number and
photos is a string array.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then I just come
in here and say this is IProps and IState.
Now honestly,
we could have skipped IState,
because it knows from here that this is,
that's what that is, right?
But for example,
if I put in something else.
It's gonna say, hey, you don't
have something else in there, so.
>> Brian Holt: It'll keep you honest,
okay.
>> Brian Holt: Public, public, put public
on these two, as well, on 27 and 32.
>> Brian Holt: And
getDerivedStateFromProps.
So this one you have to tell what this is.
and this is IProps, right?
You do have to tell it
that these are IProps.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, I have to tell
it what kind of event this is.
So this is a React.MouseEvent
that takes in an HTML element.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
what I was gonna say is,
I don't know if this is necessarily
gonna be an HTMLElement.
What if it's not?
And it just has an existential crisis,
like what is an HTMLElement?
I'm just kidding, it's not true.
But you do have to make sure
that it is an HTMLElement.
So if we go ahead and
say if event.target is not an instanceof
HTMLElement, then panic, right?
Or just return, I'm kidding.
Yeah, sorry,
you have to wrap this in parentheses.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so that takes
care of, okay, if we get down here,
this is definitely an HTMLElement.
But the next thing it's gonna say is,
hey, this could be undefined.
Like what happens if they
didn't put an index there?
They're like, what do we do then?
So you have to be a little
bit more defensive than that.
You have to say if
(event.target.dataset.index),
>> Brian Holt: And
then put that inside of parentheses.
>> Brian Holt: And then that'll work.
Except what happens if that's zero?
>> Brian Holt: Nope, it'll be a string.
So it'll be okay.
So,
>> Brian Holt: Now
everything's happy, right?
Because we've made sure that
it is an HTMLElement, and
we made sure that index exists.
>> Brian Holt: So this is one of the
frustrating parts about TypeScript to some
people, is that you get into some pretty
defensive programming in places where
you probably don't need to be so
defensive, right?
This was always gonna happen, right?
This was always gonna be true.
But on the flip side of it,
now we're guaranteed that
this is always gonna be true.
It literally cannot cause
an error right here.
And you can imagine maybe later,
either you or
one of your engineers that you work with
comes back and modifies things later, and
doesn't put index in some of the things
and then they cause errors, right?
So you're also kind of future proofing it.
So despite the fact that it always works
now, it may not always work later.
>> Brian Holt: Makes sense?
All right, so it looks like it's good and
happy with carousel now.
That wasn't too bad either.
We can also get rid of that
eslint disabled line, whoops.
Not that you have to, but that's good.
Lets go do pet.tsx.
pet.js, we name it to pet.tsx.
>> Brian Holt: So
let's import a function component up here.
Function component, and
we'll important a photo as well.
Import photo from frontendmasters/pet.
>> Brian Holt: First thing we'll tell
it is Pet is a FunctionComponent.
>> Brian Holt: It's like, okay,
now I know what props are, that's good.
>> Brian Holt: And now we need to tell
it what kind of props it's gonna get.
So we're gonna say, hey, interface IProps.
>> Brian Holt: Name is a string,
>> Brian Holt: Animal's a string.
>> Brian Holt: Breed is a string.
>> Brian Holt: Media is a photo array.
>> Brian Holt: Location is a string.
>> Brian Holt: And id is a string, right?
Or is it a number?
It's a number.
>> Brian Holt: And then here,
we just have to tell FunctionComponent,
and we'll pass that in IProps, like that.
>> Brian Holt: And now, that's happy.
We didn't have to do anything else.
We just had it as this is a function
component, take some of these props,
so you're welcome to do that that way.
Now, I'll see a lot of people
do it this way as well.
That you can just put that
directly in there and
lots of people do it that way as well.
If that looks better to you if it
feels better to you, go for it.
I just typically I've
seen it done this way and
then I got in the habit
of doing it this way.
And so now I do it this way.